React vs. Angular: The Complete Comparison
https://programmingwithmosh.com/react/react-vs-angular/

0. History of React vs. Angular
 Angular is a JavaScript framework written in TypeScript. It was developed and is maintained by Google, and is described as a “Superheroic JavaScript MVWFramework” on Angular’s webpage. Angular (version 2 and above), originally released in September 2016, is a complete rewrite of AngularJS (released in October 2010).
 React is a JavaScript library developed and maintained by Facebook. It was released in March 2013 and is described as “a JavaScript library for building user interfaces”.  

1. Architecture of React vs. Angular
    Framework vs. Library
    => Angular is a full-fledged MVC framework and React is merely a JavaScript Library (just the view).

        Angular provides the following “out of the box”:
            Templates, based on an extended version of HTML
            XSS protection
            Dependency injection
            Ajax requests by @angular/HTTP
            Routing, provided by @angular/router
            Component CSS encapsulation
            Utilities for unit-testing components.
            @angular/forms for building forms
        
        React, on the other hand, gives you much more freedom. It only provides the “view” in MVC – you need to solve the M and C on your own.

            In addition, each React project is different and requires a decision requiring its folder hierarchy and architecture. Things can go wrong much more easily due to this.

        React provides the following “out of the box”:
            Instead of classic templates, it has JSX, an XML-like language built on top of JavaScript
            XSS protection
            No dependency injection
            Fetch for Ajax requests
            Utilities for unit-testing components
        Some popular libraries to add functionality are:

            React-router for routing
            Redux or MobX for state management
            Enzyme for additional testing utilities
            
2. Regular DOM vs. Virtual Dom
    - React’s use of a virtual DOM . A virtual DOM only looks at the differences between the previous and current HTML and changes the part that is required to be updated. 

    - Angular opted to use a regular DOM. This will update the entire tree structure of HTML tags until it reaches the user’s age.

3. Templates – JSX or HTML
        React decided to combine UI templates and inline JavaScript logic, which no company had ever done before. The result is called “JSX”. Although it may have sounded like a bad idea, Facebook’s gamble paid off big-time. React uses something called a component, which contains both the markup AND logic in the same file. It also uses an XML-like language that allows you to write markup directly in your JavaScript code. JSX is a big advantage for development, because you have everything in one place, and code completion and compile-time checks work better
4. React Fiber
5. Components
6. State Management
7. Data Binding
8. TypeScript vs JavaScript/Flow
9. Mobile Solutions of React vs. Angular
10. Testing in React vs. Angular
11. Learning Curve of React vs. Angular
12. Popularity & Growth Trajectory of React vs. Angular
13. Most Loved, Dreaded, and Wanted Frameworks, Libraries, and Tools
14. Companies Using
15. Conclusion of React vs. Angular
Conclusion of React vs. Angular
As you have seen through my many examples, React and Angular are two titans in a cutthroat industry. In a business where only the strongest survive, you can easily conclude that these are some of the best technologies on the market. You can’t go wrong with either one.

Recap
Let’s recap what you’ve learned in this article:

Angular:

Is a full framework
Has a Regular DOM, which renders updates slower than React’s Virtual DOM
The rendered JavaScript and HTML maintains a physical separation
Utilizes Components: emerging web components standard
Data Binding: two-way
You must use TypeScript
Mobile: Ionic and Cordova are slower than React Native
Testing:  Jasmine & Mocha
Learning Curve is higher, but once you understand it you have an entire MVC framework
Scalability: easy to scale
Popularity: dropped since AngularJS (Angular 1)
Open source: GitHub stars: 40,963 / Contributors: 732 / Issue: 2,162
Size: larger, resulting in longer load times and performance on mobile
Used on: Google, Nike, Forbes, Upwork, General Motors, HBO, Sony
React:

Just a small view library
Has a Virtual DOM, which renders updates faster than Angular’s Regular DOM
Uses JSX, which combines markup and logic in the same file (making components easier to read)
Components: emerging web components standard
Data Binding: one-way
You Can use ES6/7 JavaScript, although you can use Typescript or Flow if you so choose
Mobile: React Native is faster than Angular’s solutions
Testing: Jest & Enzyme
Learning Curve is lower, but you only get the view. Because of this, you’re going to have to learn a slew of 3rd party libraries. Ex. State management (Redux or MobX), Asynchronous calls (react-promise, react-thunk, or react-saga), etc.
Scalability: is more testable, so also easy to scale
Popularity: has increased exponentially
Open source: GitHub stars: 111,927 / Contributors: 1,242 / Issues: 287
Size: smaller than Angular, so a bit faster
Used on: Facebook, Airbnb, Uber, Netflix, Instagram, Whatsapp, Dropbox
React Fiber will increase the speed of React dramatically


